Adam Mutchler  0:00  
You're now. Oh, wait, what are the Easter eggs of what we should have known?

Unknown Speaker  0:04  
I mean, primer has a bit of that as well. Oh, primer. So good. And then, of

Adam Mutchler  0:07  
course, you know the original or not, the original, the right before the original was irreversible. Oh, my God, okay, so, yeah, it's incredible, and it will you, I don't recommend it, because it's the most violent. It's horrendous and all, it's brilliant cinema. And it's it re sensitize you to violence in a way that maybe is not okay. The filmmaker is the guy who did enter the boy. No, he Gaspar, oh. It's yeah, and it's, you've seen the same that

Speaker 1  0:44  
I haven't, but I heard that people left in the first like,

Adam Mutchler  0:48  
Well, no, it happens halfway through. People in the first 15 minutes, irreversible. It opens with the most violent, and by the end of the film, it it discussed you like, you know, a Tarantino film will, like, take you by. It's sort of sexy the violence. It does the opposite. It makes the grossness of the violence the core. And so you're horrified in the first like, minute of the film, and by the end of the film, like, over time, you're like, maybe I understand it a little bit. And so it's a very tough watch. Everything you don't want movies to be about. It forces you to confront that.

Speaker 1  1:24  
It's kind of, I think I've heard it starts from the end of the story, and it goes back to the beginning before it was similar.

Adam Mutchler  1:30  
It's momenta. So it basically opens with the end, and it goes backwards, scene by scene to the beginning of the night. And it's, there was a French film called Vagabond that was in the 70s that did it before

Speaker 2  1:43  
that way. Well, on that note, do we want to share? It might be fun. Just giving you suggestion we could share before we get into doing post it notes stuff share, like one sci fi thing that you guys love. We did not know we had some people kind of threw out some suggestions here and there, and I did note them. So I already started building a little bit of library, but yeah, we can do it now. And if you mind, can I record just so I can take notes later. Who wants to go first?

Speaker 3  2:14  
It's just a sci fi anything? Yeah, I recently worked my way through the Great North Road. I'm not sure if anyone's read it, but that whole like, the trope of the clone, like, people are clones, etc, etc, the Great North Road takes the presence of post clone society. So, like, these are all clones of the same person. But like, one decides to be a baker, one decides to be a detective, one decides to be, you know, politician, etc. And it's this fascinating pivot on the identity of like, one person, and, yeah, just incredible treatment of all right, once we really start getting good at this whole like in line, gene editing out there in the world, now we're talking about sci fi. Well, it's rapidly becoming sci fi.

Speaker 3  3:18  
That's cool. What is it called? Again? It's called the Great North Road. The Great North Road, okay, okay, all clones of a guy named north.

Unknown Speaker  3:29  
Oh, that reminds me of

Unknown Speaker  3:32  
moon, not other so north, not West.

Adam Mutchler  3:34  
Yeah. Is it like a single town with him? Are there multiple different groups of clones that are like everywhere?

Speaker 2  3:40  
So the story, someone paused to the transmission.

Unknown Speaker  3:53  
Oh, space.

Adam Mutchler  4:02  
Happens. Mean, Herbert. Herbert believed worship came from worship.

Unknown Speaker  4:06  
So, anybody else I was reading?

Speaker 4  4:10  
Did I say a side fact? Oh, yeah, stating on manifold, like single piece heart skins, because they're made on laser leads like that. It's a lathe that, like, it'll, it'll turn something very small, and this very, very precise laser melts metal so fast that it only cuts this very, very precise window through it. It used to be that you had to, it was like a bunch of ladies who were really precise and traditional weaving. Used to, like, hand weave, heart stitch. And I think you still do for children is they're so small, but now you can make them out of one solid piece of metal, and it's lightweight, it's collapsible. You can and when they do the surgery, they can put it into you while it's collapsed, and then pulls me and it just pops up and holds your veins open so you can live. Of it's so cool.

Adam Mutchler  5:01  
So it's like a mechanical threading.

Speaker 4  5:04  
It's called a stint, S, T, i, m, t, it's a heart stint. If you look them up on on your phone, with the laser

Speaker 2  5:11  
enables them, huh? The laser leads.

Speaker 4  5:15  
So, like, when you have a lathe, it's, it'll, like, take a stock piece of round stuff and just spin it really fast. And the traditional way is to take a chisel and, like, shape it right. It's like, it's like, reverse pottery. You're carving something that's sideways into the right shape. Reverse pottery, really? Yeah, Jesus. Well, because, because pottery, yeah, this is your sideways. And you're carving something down. But that rotating mechanism, plus, like a very precise laser aimed at the stock, they just hollow to a metal and they cut it out. It's beautiful. You should you should watch videos now they're making

Unknown Speaker  5:53  
it. Lasers are awesome,

Adam Mutchler  5:55  
solving kids, saving people's hearts.

Speaker 4  6:00  
Lasers are nuts. Stint, that's stent, S t, e n t,

Speaker 4  6:10  
I was single piece of metal is beautiful. Look at that. Yeah, like just, you can do all sorts of patterns to imagine, like, you start open, yeah, that's really cool. These are used for medical purposes. But can you imagine this getting so accessible? People can put them everywhere for whatever they want. I want these as earrings. I want these as like, I want them in my clothing so that, like, if I'm skiing, like, collapse or uncollapse, so I can make it breathe. You know, they make breathable things. But not this. Let's just make it one. Just do it. I have so many things I'm trying to make truly, the list is too long.

Adam Mutchler  6:56  
You gotta create some muscles out

Speaker 4  6:59  
of I'm talking to on the future of fashion tomorrow, though. So I'll bring this up to them. Maybe, maybe one of them will make

Adam Mutchler  7:04  
it well, especially if you know, if you understand how that they work, because that that has interesting implications. I go from zero to like filling a blood vessel.

Speaker 4  7:18  
I highly recommend you go to YouTube and just like laser a urinary arts, because it's like, it's watching magic. It's so

Daniel Jacobs  7:26  
cool, super cool. It's real. It's here. Jacobs, yeah, okay, I was reading on the internet. There's this great website about sci fi and world building, many articles on there. And it's like things like, if physics was a little bit different, here are all the different consequences. I'm like, if you're a sci fi writer, it's kind of a guide to say, like, people have pre imagined some of these things in, like, you know, if you just want a quick reference on, like, what happens if gravity is less or, like, how do you do intergalactic governance? And what are like the trade offs there? Like, you know, it's all pre thought through. And so I was reading about intergalactic governance, and one of the things you have to think about is that if your empire stands beyond where you can easily communicate, because you've got, like, some light speed constraints, you're really worried more about, like, your cultural impact. And there might be people who are you are ruling over, who you can't communicate for with for decades. And like, how do you do that? And so the that say is really nice because it walks through, like, every step from like, how do you arrange and govern a really small group of like, 10 people up to like, you know, millions or hundreds of millions.

Adam Mutchler  8:44  
Anyway, it's like culture is technology, because you can't necessarily force like, like you have your constraints that work on their own.

Daniel Jacobs  8:52  
Yeah, yeah. You can't directly control so it has to be through culture and

Adam Mutchler  8:59  
generational, governmental generation incentives and all this marketplaces and everything that's cool. How do you tokenize culture that's

Speaker 3  9:10  
almost like a like forever forever war and forever peace? Like you show up, you fight a battle for 15 minutes, and then it's, you know, however many decades. It's slower than light travel and having a government that can survive to these reintegrations of people that have just been in stasis for decades. Wow, that's cool. Anybody else

Speaker 1  9:36  
all good? Sometimes I like reading, not a novel. For example, I'm thinking about one specific one that does not specifically describe any Uber futuristic world and how people are not even people anymore, and things like that. But sometimes I'm like reading about the things that are very essential to us now. Know and how in the future that essential resources change in big ways, I will find the book I'm thinking about, but I read that novel about water being rapidly becoming rapidly scarce, and how different water vessels and rivers became owned by different corporations. And then there was this journalist who was going to, I think, Nevada, to really see, because there were some uprising among people trying to take some of the rights back. And it's kind of happening almost in the now, but I think, in the way it's maybe 20 years from now, and everyone is dresses the same as us and eats the same as us, and no one really floats in space. But it is a huge change where people can't really don't have rights to use water anymore. And so it was very interesting how it was futuristic, but then it was also happening just with water, not with some crazy black matter, something you discovered. And then the book ends with human nature winning over any, any other things. So basically, the character who we thought was good at the end flips in this, like huge way. And it just kind of shocked me. But I was surprised to read it, because it was definitely sci fi, but with very real concepts, like very deep, real problems that are not in the future future, but maybe in the very near future, or even like

Adam Mutchler  11:39  
right now. It doesn't like, I think it's like, her, she owns, like, a huge amount, and Coca Cola is a huge amount of the water in the US right now. That's weird. There's no more sci fi left. It's all SCI facts, exploration,

Speaker 1  11:54  
exactly, yeah. And so you can really apply it, like, I'm sure when that starts happening, you can literally take this book, and I think at the end of the book, it mentioned the research done, like there was a real research behind those predictions, like it was kind of a prediction, turn into a book.

Unknown Speaker  12:13  
Yeah. What is it called? You have to

Speaker 5  12:19  
Yeah, yeah. I'm just thinking right as well. Like, sharing right now, yeah, where's the opportunity for us? Like, where's the Sci Fi? Google, SCI facts. It's all kind of like, not even surprising, right? Not even like. So maybe I'll try more fictional route. I have a few things favorite, and this one is called perdido Street Station. It's just a really good writing, really good writing. And it's about a future where it's a bit like dystopian, like things are not working, like a lot of groups, some groups are like barely surviving, so there's like a species divide, where cities are all patrolled by these flying, poison, spitting monsters, things. And then they're humans, right? And then there's like another species where they are kind of like outcast. Is it by is it by China? Yeah, yeah, you read it. So I might be like twisting the story a little bit, but it's just like a very rich story with, like a love story, inner species love story where the human falls in love with this insect art. Insect artist is one

Unknown Speaker  13:40  
woman who's an artist and woman who spits colorful spit. I can't even the

Speaker 5  13:50  
depth of like, the detail and the visual kind of like visuals that you get out of that language is insane, like it's very well written with the horror that you feel in the morning when you wake up. You don't know where those monsters are gonna come from and how they can attack, like there's nowhere to hide, basically. So it's like a very dangerous way to live. And these like three things, and there's some governmental body as well. Somehow, yes,

Speaker 1  14:19  
it is. And the author, he holds like PhD in sociology from like Oxford. So when someone like that writes a book where he portrays different casts and outcasts in different communities, I'm like, oh, that's based on just 1000s of research that he took in to write his PhD. And because of that, he can like,

Speaker 5  14:43  
guess what happened? After I read that book, I found out that another favorite of mine, Keanu Reeves, partnered with China, the writer of this pretty Street Station, and they wrote a book, and they bought it, and I have it. Did I read it? No. Keanu Reeves and. China Melville

Speaker 2  15:00  
wrote a book. Is it a cop? It's a comic book or a book book,

Speaker 5  15:04  
it's a science fiction or sitting in my freaking like goat in the box. You

Unknown Speaker  15:14  
want to hang out with me and talk really much what happened? I think,

Speaker 1  15:22  
completely out of character, because he was Kennedy. Wasn't so many, he wasn't John of mne monic, yeah, the matrix, yeah. And then he

Adam Mutchler  15:30  
loves, like, the old, like, the comic book stuff. He's got the devil's Right?

Speaker 1  15:34  
And, like, his, his girlfriend is, I think, an illustration.

Unknown Speaker  15:38  
She's a she's a she's an academic, I think,

Speaker 3  15:45  
reminds me a bit of the works of vermin by the idea of like, you know, borrowing traits from insects, yeah, the works of vermin, if it borrows, like, the pheromone trail concept from like ant application, but extrapolate up to if it works for humans. So like, you know, changing people's view of the world or view of reality by strong enough psychotropics, just throughout society, and it has great allusions to it being a post apocalyptic world, but that that point of like the stratification of society and this different ways of treating the senses of just like baseline Humans.

Speaker 5  16:38  
Yeah, no, there's it's interesting. There was also philosophical work that has been written that I can't find. It's called what it's like to be a bat, and it's written by a philosopher, like going deep into it, like, what would him like? What kind of experience it would be if you had to live it as well, like a serious you gotta go drop off your kids at school, but like, we're back, like, philosophical kind of piece of work my mind.

Speaker 2  17:15  
Have you read Jonathan Siegel, no, so good. It's told from the perspective of a seagull, oh, yeah, as you would imagine, yeah. But like, he, like, he meets Jonathan Livingstone, and he like, meets like, a wise master Seagull who can, like, travel through space, time and stuff, and so he, like, learns how to fly. And it's like, it's actually like a meditation book, but it's about like living as well. It's

Unknown Speaker  17:48  
so good, I heard about it.

Speaker 5  17:50  
Yeah, no, I haven't that brings us to a science fact open AI people, they did, like a language and animals thing. And they went, they do whales, whales. So it's not the research only to interpret whales language, but to talk back to them. And the guy who was presenting is like, if you guys think that humans are like, the most intelligent species, you can forget it. You can forget it. We didn't. We just scratching the tip of the iceberg right. Like, why whales are far beyond. Dolphins are far beyond and, like, we're not even done,

Speaker 4  18:27  
yeah, there's a Japanese scientist who decoded some of the grammatical language of birds in this area. They have grammar. They have syntax. And he proved it through a paper. Like other people who, like, pay attention to birds. They're always like, oh, yeah, they have language. They talk to me, but like, he's the one who, like, scientifically proved, yeah, that. Like, actually no birds have language, and they also have grammar. So if you play it in this order, they'll ignore you. If you play it in this order, they will respond like, oh, there's a hawk in the sky where, and he also did experiment, experiments cross species because there are sparrows that also respond to these bird calls and cross species like there are bilingual sparrows.

Speaker 2  19:11  
Wow. Speaking, speaking of Yes, yes, we're talking about your people.

Speaker 1  19:20  
It's almost as bad times. You know what I'm thinking. It's one thing 100 to 50 years ago, if someone wrote about a seagull, because it was just kind of a tale, but now, specifically because it's going to be reality. Of writing about it now, I think it's much more interesting because it's going to be a reality versus if you wrote about it 100 years ago? Yeah, because you can actually, you like, it's in the air. You can, you can feel it. You even could know companies who would do something with it. And what would you before it was just in someone's imagination, some like, can't in France.

Adam Mutchler  19:55  
And now it's like, oh, it's not.

Speaker 1  20:00  
Post could be when it dies, then who could be in danger.

Speaker 4  20:03  
If you guys want to see some crazy stuff about how human language affects animals, they are like, push the top buttons for people's pets, yeah? And like,

Speaker 2  20:13  
Oh, I see those, yeah, with dogs and cats, yeah, yeah. Some of

Speaker 4  20:19  
them get like, really, like philosophical and others are just like, How can I manipulate my human with these

Speaker 2  20:25  
what's really interesting? They're really funny. Or Mason, oh, we're down to the last three. Ms, okay. Do you guys have any Yeah.

Speaker 6  20:35  
So, like, I don't really read much sci fi, but one that I have read was

Speaker 1  20:41  
the wrong it was the wrong group to say, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:49  
Oh, nice. The classic,

Speaker 6  20:51  
very fascinating by far and such. And what I find very realistic is what they do with spice and what also they do with genetics. Because, you know about, like, cuz, how many here are bred doing? Yeah, good. So you know about, like, a whole order the better Jesuit and how they use genetics to genomicify their own and such, or fill specific roles and all that, you know, and yeah. So I find that very realistic. Because, like, when you like, develop, like, genetic manipulation, all that and such. What exactly are we going to use it for and all that, you know? Yeah. And I think like within Frank Herbert, soon and such, in terms of genetic and what the Ben deserts does, it kind of shows a window and such, how it plays a role in politics and religion and so many other things.

Adam Mutchler  21:36  
I think you'll like

Unknown Speaker  21:41  
Gattaca great film. It's just it

Adam Mutchler  21:46  
takes this idea

Unknown Speaker  21:47  
the 90s, I think Ethan Hawkes, late 90s, for sure,

Adam Mutchler  21:54  
but it basically takes the genetic testing as genetics as like how you're going to show up in society and get a job. So everyone reads your genetics always. So like, your bad genetics, you might not get a job. When it fucks with things, it gets,

Speaker 6  22:09  
like, film where it's like, oh, it's a site wherever you get a job for, like, if you're modified lab, and if you're

Adam Mutchler  22:14  
naturally birth, yes, yeah. And it basically, he ends up tricking because he has bad genetics, he finds a guy. Spoiler alert, spoiler

Unknown Speaker  22:23  
alert, I actually saw the movie, yeah. Spoiler alert, spoiler actually, I saw the movie actually.

Speaker 4  22:28  
Okay, I have a wasp Act, a wasp effect, yes. So there's, there's certain kinds of wasps that parasitize caterpillars, right? There's, there's, let's explain. So there are that will lay their eggs. You know this, they'll lay their eggs in caterpillars. But they discovered that there's one wasp that makes its own virus. It'll make the casings of a virus, and it contains the code of that virus in its own DNA, so that by the time they were synthesizing to make their own Venom with this virus in it, it stays separate in The Lost body, but they'll make a virus they inject with their eggs, and that virus suppresses the immune system of the caterpillar so that can't defend itself against the eggs.

Adam Mutchler  23:19  
So basically helps it, force it to be like a host, yeah? It's like, basically, like, it's like a zombie, zombie virus that allows it to, like, host its babies, like those crazy, yeah, it

Speaker 4  23:31  
holding different genome in its own genome. Fascinating. That's cool.

Unknown Speaker  23:37  
That's crazy. Genetic engineering,

Speaker 4  23:39  
yeah, my problem with that is, like, we can build cool stuff and we can fix a lot of broken things, but then, like, you just rapidly approach eugenics stuff

Unknown Speaker  23:49  
we already here, right? Gotta go has already come true.

Adam Mutchler  23:52  
Well, then the craziest sci fi thing that's never happened, that's been around since the 40s, that basically is sort of strange, that's a good topic, actually, is sci fi things that haven't happened yet. Yes, yeah. So sci fi things that haven't happened that I always thought growing up there was like, Oh, this, we're gonna find out this really did happen is imagine you take, you take a blast to that, and you can keep dividing it into a million different like clone versions, and you could implant that into different women at different ages, and have 100 of yourself or your kid, like, so basically, if, like, you're a Chinese billionaire, you're like, I want to have a version of myself at different ages, and I want to have a million versions. Theoretically, you could scale that and do it.

Unknown Speaker  24:32  
That's foundation

Unknown Speaker  24:34  
horses, yeah. Is there anything left?

Unknown Speaker  24:39  
No, but there's always a way to do the story. It's like, Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:43  
well, no, I know. I know a real my obsession. I know a real person who's been donating his firm, and he's like, and the question is, when you do that, do you want to know if someone used it and they were kids? And he's like, Yeah, whatever. And so now he posts on his Facebook Like, every week, like, oh my. Came to visit me. My son came to visit me. And I'm like, he has all these fucking kids, but then someone told me that those are all his kids through other women who just chose to use his sperm.

Adam Mutchler  25:13  
And so now he's like 40, and he's having those

Speaker 1  25:15  
kids come out of the woodwork. He's like 60, I think, and he has all those, all those

Adam Mutchler  25:21  
now, because the 21 they're allowed to their father.

Speaker 1  25:24  
That's wild. And some of like, with a black woman, someone with Asian women, some are with, like Jewish

Speaker 4  25:31  
women, that someone could freeze your gametes and then you could die, and then still have a kid. Yeah, it's very tricky.

Adam Mutchler  25:38  
And versions of that kid that are different ages. Like, imagine you just, you clone multiple versions. So you have the twin of yours that's 10 years older now that's 20 years old. Well, that's foundation.

Unknown Speaker  25:49  
Have you seen foundation? Yeah, of course, yeah.

Adam Mutchler  25:51  
But like, that's been around since the 40s. We could do it, yeah, no one's actually ever done it in a way that showed up in society, which I'm surprised. Like, no narcissists have been like, Wait, hold on you.

Unknown Speaker  26:01  
Like, secretly, secret, secretly doing it.

Adam Mutchler  26:03  
Well, I feel like, right now there's someone doing it because, like, there's also these people who are intentionally using surrogates to have as many kids as possible. I can't imagine one was like, let's do a clone of me, or let's do a version of my favorite kid, but let's do it five times over to see if, yeah, just as a fun experiment. Like, let's have the same kid, nature versus nurture.

Speaker 2  26:21  
I think that's rubbing everything's ethics of it. But I mean, ethics is such a thing, like skin

Speaker 7  26:32  
somewhere at the edge of sci fi, and like the forefront of where we are with science right now, which is we've actually so there's a book called We are electric, and it's written by it's a non fiction book written by a novelist. So it's told in a pretty provocative way. But the crux of the book is about the latest research on how our body actually works and every cell is has electrical properties to it, and where it gets to is we have now sequenced the entire human genome, and it turns out there is no spatial information contained in our genes, so it Has qualitative information, like the fact that you have an eye, the fact that it's a certain color, but it won't tell you that you have two eyes. There is no nothing about the color. It has qualities, but it doesn't have spatial information. And so the point

Speaker 1  27:34  
being like, you can't you can create a kid with blue eyes.

Speaker 7  27:39  
You can't modify the genes to get to that. Yeah, it's not like one gene, right? So what they have found is it's not in the DNA, but you can actually influence the shape of your body through electrical insertion. You can put calcium ions into an embryo and start to place body parts

Adam Mutchler  28:03  
modify in a certain different

Speaker 7  28:04  
ways with electric so it just opens up a question, a whole realm of potential sci fi, of what the heck is the mechanism that ends up shaping our bodies? That's true,

Speaker 4  28:19  
if anyone wants to write about that they have done experiments on deer antlers with a rapid with wire and influence how they grow with an electric Oh, wow.

Unknown Speaker  28:29  
Also, they have tried experiments,

Speaker 7  28:33  
sorry, facts. So we are electric produced. Gives a ton of that raw research, and it comes to us. A conclusion, just a pathway to explore further. What could be

Speaker 1  28:47  
an example? Could it be a stronger arm, or could it be a third arm? Or in some other place, the

Unknown Speaker  28:53  
examples they gave, all men on earth would really benefit from this.

Unknown Speaker  29:01  
A whole industry there, women are perfect. Don't place directly into the frog embryo by putting the right calcium.

Speaker 7  29:14  
But the actual practical application is there's an industry emerging called electroceuticals, and you can actually heal wounds faster.

Unknown Speaker  29:25  
Oh, wow, that's cool.

Adam Mutchler  29:27  
That's a whole fuel. So that's just on repair because, like, it's similar repairs. That's cool.

Unknown Speaker  29:34  
We have medical pamphlet on that somewhere in this

Unknown Speaker  29:41  
that's why we were invited here.

Adam Mutchler  29:45  
I wanted to add a book that I'm obsessed with that also is about genetic modification, where there's a piece of it. It's from the 70s. I love Robert silverbergs up the line, which is time tourism in the Byzantine Empire. Oh. And it takes places written in the 70s. So the culture of the future that has time tourism is basically no one looks normal. Everyone has, like, elongated necks and does weird things because it's happy to be really weird looking. This guy tends to be like, normal. So that's why you can do time tourism. And it's just this fun all time paradoxes, Byzantine Empire, and weirdly, the themes that explores is suicide and incest. That's all I'm gonna say.

Unknown Speaker  30:32  
What is it called? Again? Up the line. We have to write a Game of Thrones.

Speaker 2  30:47  
With, well, I'll say I didn't realize it would take us an hour to talk about by the way. Yeah, that was a warm up, but I rewatched Akira recently. Hopefully all of you have seen Akira. I have a tattoo of Akira on my leg, but, yeah, basically, it hasn't happened yet, right? But re watching it. I was just kind of like, it's so good. It's such a great film. It like is the first really big anime film. But, you know, the plot revolves around these like telekinetic children who can manipulate space, time and, yeah, events that follow when that happens. Which also reminded me of this book by beta grant. I forget the name of it, which is about these kids on Earth who they're genetically modified to never sleep. And the whole story revolves around, you know, what happens if you don't sleep? That means you can study all the time. You're never tired. So they become superhuman. Well, they don't end up, they end up becoming like, they end up ruling the world, which is really provocative anyway, but Akira is great.

Speaker 5  32:10  
If somebody didn't experiment, what happens if humans can see in the dark? And there was like, there's a pamphlet in this apartment somewhere. Yeah, the thing is, like that went into, actually, the past, talked about how electricity was, when electricity became, what people what happened, and people's kind of, like shifting in, you know, just mindset. And the whole existence, right? Because all of a sudden you can see, you know, life doesn't end at 4pm or whatever. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  33:00  
see it in the dark. Like, what happens? Right? It's also

Speaker 1  33:05  
interesting how people who were born without sight, then when they're given certain surgeries so they can kind of at least see the light and the shadow, and most of the time they hate it. Oh, that's funny is that the fact they prefer it, yeah,

Adam Mutchler  33:31  
you live your whole life without this one input, and then it's like, distractingly always there, yeah, I don't

Speaker 2  33:38  
need any, okay, so we have post its, I don't know what to do with them, but we do have a white, white wall, whiteboard, whiteboard. I was just thinking that different version of the exercise we did last time, which is that, you know, we basically talked about things that we care about. I don't know. I was just thinking, Hey, should we write like themes that we think sci fi we want to see? Sci Fi that we want to see is that a good premises of like, premises, stories, themes, whatever, what you think that should be addressed in the Sci Fi that we want to see. It's like kind of, what is that a good I've got a million.

Speaker 5  34:26  
Yeah. So mixing and matching sounds like we need to mix, like some side facts, then some crazy, maybe by Byzantine Empire or far in the future, right? And then location, then some character story.

Unknown Speaker  34:49  
That's way too much. I mean,

Speaker 2  34:54  
would be more like we could separate, we could say we could separate the board. Yeah. Themes, and

Unknown Speaker  35:06  
then so we can have one.

Unknown Speaker  35:15  
We got one section is themes, one section as stories or character

Speaker 2  35:25  
is that, is that a good we could separate. One is like themes, yeah, and one is Science, Science, Science. Okay, so themes, science and premises. Premises are like premises slash ideas, concepts. Okay, so I'm gonna write themes here. So themes could be like outer

Speaker 2  35:51  
space travel or poverty or late stage capitalism. Wait, what was it themes? And then, what was it

Adam Mutchler  36:00  
science, so phenomena like science, or phenomena that's worthy of, like, extrapolation, but how is it different from, yeah, well, things would be like, actually, the thing you're talking about underneath the layer of the science, which is, like, it's really about, you know, society. It's not about the premises. The science is the way into the area, because, like, through sci fi, a real trope you could basically explore at the end of our class, and clones, like the story is really about clones, about class, not about

Speaker 1  36:31  
it could be society and science could be generic modification,

Speaker 2  36:35  
or it could be, I think, whatever where you feel it's right for you. We and just as soon as you're finished with one or whatever you want, to just put it up here. And we can just do that for Oh, boom, boom, Ching is on the board. She wins points on the board. I love that the astronauts are talking.

Speaker 2  37:17  
Right now, should we do 10 minutes? Is that too long? Sure, yeah, 10 minutes.

Unknown Speaker  37:38  
What time you have to leave at eight, oh, it's past eight. Water

Daniel Jacobs  37:57  
premises, yeah, the thing you're gonna pitch to your

Adam Mutchler  38:03  
like, what if, this is the movie, short story. This is the thing

Unknown Speaker  38:07  
that needs to get big. It's your What if

Adam Mutchler  38:12  
planetary inner solar system travel You.

Unknown Speaker  38:59  
I'm worried about my brain. Your brain is great. It's fine.

Unknown Speaker  39:07  
I forgot their strawberries.

Unknown Speaker  39:10  
Oh, dessert.

Unknown Speaker  39:18  
Chopped off. I

Unknown Speaker  39:28  
That's why it says Oh, before people leave, can we Venmo? You Oh, yeah, can you put that up here?

Speaker 2  39:37  
Yeah. What can we Venmo? You sure? What can we value? It like 10 bucks. Okay, thank you so much for hosting, yeah, thank you for hosting, for food and everything. Thank you so much. Ms.

Unknown Speaker  40:10  
Oh, and should we, or should we not, have a WhatsApp group. I use signal, oh, you're on signal.

Speaker 4  40:20  
I can use alders WhatsApp, and you guys are just Yes, okay, I love the WhatsApp.

Speaker 1  40:25  
I really love the WhatsApp group for Jen Jenning, but then it's so many messages. I stopped.

Speaker 2  40:31  
Yeah, well, I don't know. It's just like a lot for me to coordinate people. I realized I got lost. What would you prefer? You know what I can I can still do email, if that's preferred.

Adam Mutchler  40:44  
Well, what's the goal about how often you do it?

Unknown Speaker  40:46  
I was, I was thinking like, once every two weeks or three weeks?

Adam Mutchler  40:50  
Great. I think we, as long as we try to put one on the schedule ahead of

Unknown Speaker  40:55  
time, yeah, we don't need a WhatsApp group.

Adam Mutchler  40:57  
The Whatsapp group is just to, like, it's

Unknown Speaker  40:59  
just to coordinate the day of

Adam Mutchler  41:01  
work, like, if people have a short story to read or something,

Unknown Speaker  41:06  
okay, if the shoe fits, yeah, that's my last name. Oh,

Adam Mutchler  41:15  
that's your WhatsApp.

Speaker 4  41:18  
If the shoe fits, if the shoe fits, oh, is it gonna ask for like, the last four digits of my suppliers? Maybe,

Unknown Speaker  41:29  
I guess maybe, maybe to share

Speaker 2  41:34  
books. I have a website. I'll put the library on the website,

Adam Mutchler  41:42  
recommendations about sci fi stuff.

Unknown Speaker  41:45  
Yeah, I created, I'm gonna create a library on the website.

Adam Mutchler  41:49  
Just it just seems like people could just write what they like, easier to read, writing what they read. Are you going to post a book you read every

Speaker 1  42:00  
single post a book you read every single day? Probably not, no. But then what

Adam Mutchler  42:08  
I mean is that it's up to men to do work where the WhatsApp group, if he's never updated, it doesn't matter, because, like, it just Okay, so,

Unknown Speaker  42:15  
yeah, so you're saying, What's up actually? Well, what I mean

Adam Mutchler  42:19  
is he's occasionally updating this thing. He's not going to do it regularly. It's like, Hey, can you add this book to the library? Like, that's a big request. I love this book. He could do it or not do it right the way we're communicating, yeah, okay, all right. I think it's useful.

Speaker 2  42:41  
We'll do, we'll, we'll use a telegram group then, yeah, yeah, sounds good. That's another I'm just messing with Olga. I knew. I knew exactly what's gonna happen here. There,

Unknown Speaker  43:09  
yeah, thank you. Next time, oh, wait, wait before, before you leave. Can you advocate for your ideas? Not advocate, but just tell us. Tell us about them.

Speaker 5  43:24  
Real quick. I'm putting, I think these are keywords, I think, all right, next time I'll go for it. So it's Mallory, right?

Speaker 7  43:37  
What so and you're 1400 we actually the year 1300 we had no concept of our place in the universe. We literally thought the entire world rotated around the Earth.

Unknown Speaker  44:02  
Hey, sudden, Matthew speaking, sorry,

Speaker 7  44:06  
the premises in the year 1300 we had no way of understanding our place in the world. We literally thought every object around us was moving around for then, all of a sudden, we came up with an equation. Now it's standard textbook, right? Newton's laws, and we found our place in the world in the year 2030 black world in the year yes, in the year 2030 scientists discover the same equation, but it's for Qi, the mythical properties of the things that move inside of our body, and it helps us view how we act, our intentions for the first time,

Adam Mutchler  44:51  
go nice. So the energetics of chi are solved and they understand the flowing of the equation.

Unknown Speaker  44:59  
LD. Control your body, but

Unknown Speaker  45:01  
if you measure it, you can move it

Speaker 4  45:05  
interesting, because I've learned that without biofeedback.

Unknown Speaker  45:11  
So could you even

Speaker 4  45:13  
I can lift my goose bumps, physically, not scientifically. Not supposed to be able to,

Adam Mutchler  45:19  
but I can't. You figured out how to do it. She didn't get her do good stuff to happen. She's got all of her

Unknown Speaker  45:27  
skin that's

Unknown Speaker  45:30  
actually been practicing this for

Unknown Speaker  45:33  
I found it out in high school because I was bored.

Unknown Speaker  45:36  
That's awesome. You just can just happen.

Speaker 4  45:39  
Yeah, I've been able to teach one other guy, and he was an acupuncturist. Oh, wow,

Unknown Speaker  45:44  
you must have found some pamphlet in this. No, I'm sure if we just

Speaker 7  45:52  
That's an incredible example. The Tai Chi masters claim they can actually manipulate their bone marrow. And so you asked, What would you do with that? Well, that's for the Sci Fi measure. It. You can teach it

Speaker 4  46:07  
all right, yeah, the next thing I'm working on is how to heat, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  46:11  
it's like Tibetan.

Speaker 4  46:13  
Well, because I heard somewhere that there's like, one or two practitioners that they can meditate enough to raise their core body temperature. I'm not there yet.

Unknown Speaker  46:22  
That's, that's a lot of Tibetan

Speaker 4  46:24  
meditation technique a long time. Yeah, I actually am not patient enough. So I'm like, I might have to give up on that one. I have figured out how to flush my neck and my inner health, and I'm working on shifting it

Unknown Speaker  46:37  
other places. Yeah, these two have to go. I don't want to get down the rabbit hole.

Speaker 2  46:47  
Fun conversation, yeah, the goosebump thing. Do you want to advocate for? You want to advocate for anything on the art explain, anything on the I

Speaker 5  47:00  
just throw. I'm just throwing things on the board for now, because I feel like we should have some sort of a what's a good sci fi? Oh, yeah, right. So I think it's good to, like, throw shit on the wall. It's like, Yeah, I wonder what? Then we look at it together, and then we build from these blocks, right? Because everyone is passionate about different things. So I just put in intergalactic governance, in the species, breeding, new linking, biohacking, unlimited energy supply. Again, I have no ideas, yeah, character where, when you know all of these things, but that's what we're gonna

Speaker 4  47:44  
hopefully, yeah, now, yes, but like next time too,

Unknown Speaker  47:51  
no, no, no more, no, this is the time because, no, no,

Speaker 2  47:54  
we're not we're never doing this ever again. We gotta write. This is a brainstorm. See you soon. Thanks for coming See you later. Email me this.

Unknown Speaker  48:04  
Recommendations, no groups that we have if you have oh, yes, yes, yes,

Unknown Speaker  48:16  
yes.

Unknown Speaker  48:22  
Anybody else? Nice to

Daniel Jacobs  48:29  
meet you guys. Thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  48:31  
I would like to share all right,

Daniel Jacobs  48:32  
that were weird. We have the way mo quake I was driving the other day during the time the power went out, that has definitely been under thought. What's going to happen? Yeah, disaster. Very San Francisco. We haven't had an earthquake here in 100 years. Obviously, this is going to be bad science fact, okay,

Adam Mutchler  48:53  
although great premise, and if you haven't seen a premise that's similar to that, you can explore a great story in that there's a story around Hawaii when they had those when they thought they were going to get killed with atomic bombs, as everyone's like, that hour what they went through. It's like the same if you travel to Waymo, like, what story can we told? Like, what they're going through when they think the world might be ending.

Speaker 4  49:15  
There is a web comic called Seed, S, E, E, D, about AI and what happens when you can control like different drivers and different cars, like children get into these cars and they trust them. But then what happens if that child has knowledge or is connected to someone important? Yeah, you know, I

Adam Mutchler  49:34  
think it's a cool container.

Daniel Jacobs  49:37  
Yeah, I live through it all right, these activities related to AI, because I think about that a lot. What happens when thinking doesn't matter anymore? We just don't need to value that. The way we did do the schools all shut down. Is there a free for all? Oh, damn, oh. Related to that in the factual category, anthropic posts a really good safety benchmark. I mean. Is tracking everything that they're preventing from going wrong with AI. But there's very natural fiction there. Of like, they've really thought through what could happen, almost like sci fi out there. So I think if you just use that as a source of, like, basically assume that stuff is going to happen. Like, that's a very rich and very realistic, like,

Unknown Speaker  50:18  
ground thing. Like, the engineers put this

Daniel Jacobs  50:20  
together, and then this is my here's another one. Human hair is strongest material in the universe. When mixed with argon, becomes more valuable than gold.

Unknown Speaker  50:34  
I love it. There is some hope. Someone recommended it's

Speaker 1  50:43  
like some planet Earth where that has to donate hair to some other planet. I didn't read the book. I thought it was weird, but now it's weird.

Speaker 4  50:55  
So people already do donate hair for oil spills, because really good at absorbing oil. That's weird, yeah? Like, scoop up hair from the floors and barber shops, make mats with them and use it to mark oil.

Daniel Jacobs  51:07  
Also, like the economic, like the it's human esthetics gets really tied in with your wealth, like your most

Speaker 4  51:14  
Victorian hair jewelry, because if that's more valuable gold, that's coming back as an art,

Adam Mutchler  51:22  
especially people like crafting stuff from their hair. That's even like ornamentation, or like apparel that's cool. It's like, such a weird, like, it's such a simple premise of, like, because of this thing, it's valuable and strong. You're like, you can extrapolate a whole universe from it. Yeah? Anybody else wanna

Speaker 3  51:44  
so one of one of our friends developed a cup on the ISS, so he was up there and like, using the things that is up there for, like, figuring out how cult really worked, or how, like, cups work and things like that. So where is it? One of these things? There we go, Iron Chef, but at variety of varieties of gravity. So, like, instead of a secret ingredients being unleashed, you like, okay, and this show you're like, we're at half g. And then how do you cook in these dry because you can do it like, spin, grab, like anyone here has seen Hail Mary, like, you know, just dial your gravity to what you like, which is

Adam Mutchler  52:31  
even like cooking at different elevations is like, extremely different.

Speaker 4  52:35  
When I went to the vet, the the taste was so different,

Adam Mutchler  52:38  
well water bottle like, so much longer, yeah, whenever I was hiking, you're like, Oh, this is 20 minute rice. Check. It's like 45 minutes. It's still hard to sell.

Speaker 3  52:50  
And then human slash x communication in terms of science, slash

Speaker 4  52:59  
phenomena, instead of like, Meteor chef or something like, what else is in meteors? As I there's all kinds of different, like,

Unknown Speaker  53:13  
so what was the thematic or what was the other

Speaker 3  53:15  
one you responded? Oh, so like the the science thing, like human slash ex communication, like, when Ching was mentioning about birds having grammar, just like, extrapolating that outward to, okay, you know, now we've got these, these models that can start doing translations of, like, cetation, communication, etc, but like, okay, 10 years down the road. Like, are we teaching whales how to be poets? Are we, you know, are we getting crows to start, you know, correcting people's grammar?

Adam Mutchler  53:49  
Like, the greatest movie director of whale exactly, go talk to the whale hunters. The coolest things ever. You're like, hangs out next to a tape recorder. And it's like, watch the movies as they come. It's like a bunch of whales.

Unknown Speaker  54:05  
Yeah, they teach us understand. No, it's not the sonar, but it's what whales do. They both do it.

Speaker 4  54:18  
There's actually, and I wanted to say this earlier, but there's a moth that paralyzes itself when it hits a certain frequency from that sonar, because when a pat is chasing it, it'll freeze and then drop to the floor and the bat can't eat it.

Adam Mutchler  54:31  
It's basically like it's a jet.

Speaker 1  54:36  
That's cool. It's like when a human is crossing the road and it's about to be hit by a car when it's human body feels that speed with like, turn into metal.

Speaker 3  54:46  
Oh, that would be cool. Well, I mean, like, with some body armors, like, you know, if some of these more pliable body armors, but if you hit like,

Adam Mutchler  54:55  
full speed, then full speed, rock solid,

Unknown Speaker  54:56  
then it goes rock solid, exactly.

Speaker 4  54:58  
Yeah. I have a. Theme that I put up that I kind of want to

Unknown Speaker  55:02  
highlight, yeah, you go through your go through your stuff.

Speaker 4  55:04  
Not all of them, they get wacky. But the one I want to highlight is like, we have birth family, and we have found family, and people know what that's like. What happens when you can build a family? What happens when you can, like, mail order personalities, right?

Adam Mutchler  55:20  
Yeah? Like, yeah. Like, what? It's a robot. But, like, yeah, I engineered it

Speaker 4  55:27  
either, right? Like, what? What happens when you can order what you psychologically just want or need? Do you know the difference, right?

Speaker 3  55:37  
Instead of, like, one AI, companion and AI, especially if you're

Adam Mutchler  55:40  
living in a virtual world, yeah, like, doesn't even show in real life. You're like, but I have a whole family, and I spend

Speaker 4  55:46  
most of my life. Why would I leave the simulation? But in real world, people with other people? Yeah, it's still another person. It's still someone with agency, yeah, and ego and ego, if you build something that's close enough to a human, does that have agency? Does that

Adam Mutchler  56:05  
have ego? Or is it just this weird reflection of you that you think has not an ego, but it's like it's basically watching like your best friends with these mirror versions of your Jungian self. Like, this is my mom. But is it my mom? No, it's actually me engineered to be my mom? What the

Speaker 4  56:20  
fuck is wrong with me? Yeah, I asked this partly because, like, when I was a small child, is pretty isolated, so my stuffed animals literally developed personalities and voices, and I'd like interact with them. So I'm curious. Now that we have this technology we can make it

Adam Mutchler  56:36  
goes when you're like, just a kid, what

Speaker 4  56:39  
what happens when a child can make their own mom,

Adam Mutchler  56:44  
yeah, can make all of their they're like, weird, like their friends and the rest, like, Well, are they really friends, if they're just some extrapolation of them, or is that different

Speaker 4  56:53  
than that? Did someone who built the AI bake it in so that, like, there's some sort of guidance on this child? Or does the child dictate everything that's in, whatever's gonna get picked in, there's so much you can do with and as the child, male person like him, you can build a character. What happens? Well, and

Adam Mutchler  57:12  
it's what have you built a character that you actually want it to be mean to you? Yeah, that's like, what does that mean about you? Well, that's why it's such a good Jungian way of like you're looking, not from

Speaker 1  57:25  
personal experience, but you're looking for this amazing love when you end up choosing someone who's like, catastrophically toxic.

Adam Mutchler  57:32  
But you're doing that because at your core, maybe there's something about being able to push that away that feels good to you subconsciously, yeah, yeah. But I think a cool way to explore it through, like AI, like companions, because you're basically pursuing something that like exists in the real world, but doing it through this really interesting sci fi lens. Anybody else want to go?

Speaker 1  57:58  
I'll showcase mine, because it's just one. Just one, just one, just one, because I think it can encapsulate so much. So I'm thinking a lot of us as humans now, even though some companies kind of froze their ideas to build virtual reality, still, it's going to be reality in the future. And so I'm thinking, would as humanity, would we choose to build that virtual reality to escape there, there, or would we actually use all this technology to improve our current world, to choose to live a better, more interesting life than real life. Would we choose to escape into virtual reality and put all our time money with companies starts hiring people to build that? Or do we, as majority of people, or majority of people, majority of people with money, choose to make a better, cooler, real world

Adam Mutchler  59:09  
interesting. There's something interesting that wasn't explored with brave new world that I always wanted explored, which was, like, where the guy comes from, the other land, outside the bubble of this civilization. Like, I'm so intrigued by, like, what is the life they created that's outside the bliss in the Solar World? And it's like, I want to see Brave New World the other side, from the other point of view. And it's like, you barely understand what happened to the guy who comes over, like, we hear a little bit about it, but like, do we ever go there and brave new world? Like, it's all takes place in the cities and so, like, what is that world? Like, what she's talking about? Why don't we actually make our own world better? Like, I could see them taking, like, the opposite viewpoint of, like, the soma world of bliss and happiness, but like, through this weird dystopian lens, is

Unknown Speaker  59:56  
it Greenland or Iceland? That it's great new world?

Adam Mutchler  59:59  
I don't know. So I didn't, don't they just call it like, the natural world or the,

Speaker 3  1:00:03  
well, there's the reserve, which is where like comes from, but then there's the blank can where it is. It's like, country's name, I think it's green under Iceland is where the reserve is, where they're like, We give you the option to go.

Adam Mutchler  1:00:16  
You can live outside of our world, yeah, which, like, I wish there was a book that explored the reserve because I'm like,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:24  
fuck, happened there? Well, good. Anything else? Nice? Mason, sure.

Speaker 6  1:00:30  
Okay, all right, so let's see one of my ideas, or, like, terms of a good story, such as, how many of you are aware of, like, this recent discovery of our it's just our galaxy is surrounded by, like, sort of this blank space, and everything else is kind of separate from us, you know.

Adam Mutchler  1:00:49  
So there's a gap between, like, the our galaxy and, like a lot of the other galaxies, yes,

Speaker 6  1:00:55  
normal, yes. It's like, basically, just hold blank space and all that. I know. It's like, we're kind of like surrounded in a bubble, you know, come up with a cool idea and such on his rail gun, and it's like a story of, like, because, seeing, it's like, sort of like this astral bubble that's keeping us from going everywhere else. And such a school story about, like, Pierce somehow, you know, like, kind of using stuff like, maybe like an Adam Collider, or something, you know for like them, like this space gun that fires at the speed of light and all that

Adam Mutchler  1:01:25  
you know. So what is that? What caused this, this bubble around us?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:29  
No, that's like the

Unknown Speaker  1:01:30  
solution. What's the pierce through it?

Speaker 6  1:01:31  
It's like the bubble is like, sort of, like some sort of natural or maybe like some sort of alien made sort of thing and such, you know, the celestial spheres.

Speaker 2  1:01:40  
But like, as an actual human preserve, yeah, we're in prison. We're in a galactic prison. Yeah, pretty much prison.

Speaker 6  1:01:49  
Funny enough. So yeah, one thing that I found fly is also kind of a VR thing known as a locking it's a story about, basically, like a prisoner. It's not she committed some crime or something, you know, Ms go through, like, the sort of reform thing where they like forcement, like this VR set, you know, yes, to like, do whatever he can, to like, live out is like sentence in there, and maybe survive, you know, and such, you know, go for all, like these different games, or like survival systems and all that, you know, that's cool. Cool. Yeah. And then last, but not least, is, what am I? It's like, basically a story of, like, being the creation itself for, like, genetic splicing and like manipulation all that, you know, it's basically like this kind of thing that doesn't really fit in, like, the natural world and all that. You know. It's like just kind of like this amalgamation of, like, different parts, genetics and all that. It's basically kind of sentient. And it's like basically trying to figure out, okay, what exactly am I, and what is like my purpose in life, you know? And that's its whole thing. I just find self discovery that's awesome.

Speaker 3  1:02:59  
You might enjoy. Andy Weir has a great short story called the egg. Oh yeah, I was making rounds. It's a it's a process of self discovery. No, I'll text it to you. Okay. Yeah, cool. Thank you.

Speaker 6  1:03:15  
Sure. Yeah, that was just my rock fire ideas.

Speaker 2  1:03:19  
Do you do, you know, you know, smarty pants, drop out. You know, drop out. They have a show called smarty pants in which comedians, like, give presentations. Okay, I've seen it's really fun. Like, each one is like, 510, minutes, and then they have a pitch deck they want, they, like, make an argument for something like, why Michael Jordan is the goat? You know, some stupid stuff. Like, I don't know, watching Mason talk made me think, Oh, we could, we could do a sci fi salon version.

Adam Mutchler  1:03:51  
Have you ever seen, have you seen the versions where people take actual pitch decks and then they just don't know what it is, and then they just,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:00  
that's just part PowerPoint, karaoke. That's That's like just some imagine

Adam Mutchler  1:04:06  
doing that for sci fi, where we put together pitch checks, but the person who has to pitch it is not, you could only use like 10 words, so then you have to pitch my story. You didn't talk

Speaker 4  1:04:24  
to me. I kind of like that because, like, what if some really good idea just comes in idea, and you're like, your idea, no, but what if someone pitches on your idea asked, but you're like, wait, I can

Unknown Speaker  1:04:34  
use it. That's funny.

Adam Mutchler  1:04:38  
I've got, I've got two really quickly, talk about. So the first one is, I've always thought about this idea of, if you were had inner planetary, inner, inner, yeah, like across solar system, travel across light speed. If you can't break light speed, you basically, it could be like 1000 year journey to get to, like, the next star. Yeah, so how do you create a civilization that isn't going to break down and cause revolution? And so the theory was, you basically have to. So the idea I had was that you raise your clone, and you're basically always raising and replacing yourself, but at some point, like, maybe the leader, who's the captain, is his clone, is actually a dick. So, like, what happens when you have, like, you know, turmoil as well as you have to create a lie for everyone that Earth is more than halfway away. Otherwise everyone would

Speaker 2  1:05:32  
turn back, Wait, have you seen moon? Have you seen moon? I've seen Yeah.

Adam Mutchler  1:05:36  
But so, like, that was sort of like a fun way to kind of have Yeah, class, hierarchy and struggle all within this, like, the moment of, like, transition, something happens, and it's like this system that they have goes a little bit awry, and you can, kind of like premise

Speaker 3  1:05:51  
that right in that moment, so, kind of like the triumvirate in foundation, but with, like a single

Adam Mutchler  1:05:56  
captain, but like, but it's everyone on the Ship is always raise

Unknown Speaker  1:06:01  
Well, what about Mickey 17?

Adam Mutchler  1:06:03  
Version of them, that's 10 or 20 years.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:05  
What about Mickey 17?

Adam Mutchler  1:06:07  
I have only seen pieces. Yeah, nice. But the idea is, you keep it, it's all self contained in a single pretty cheap to shoot, because it's and then, like right now, with AI, probably easier, because you can make the younger one actually look like actually look like the younger one, as opposed to cast an actor. That's good enough. Yeah, so there's that one. And then the other premise was,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:31  
I like how we all mainly gravitated to premises. Yeah, this was just an idea

Adam Mutchler  1:06:39  
of, like, a starting off point, and I haven't thought about it more than that, this idea of this idea of quantum entanglement of twins

Unknown Speaker  1:06:46  
across you're all about the clone, man, nobody.

Adam Mutchler  1:06:49  
They're not clones, per se. I know mind that, like in the world, somehow can see and, like, feel your feelings. So it's like, imagine these quantum minds across space and time become a way to tell a cross cultural story. Oh, that's cool. So it's, it's more about like they keep dreaming of each other and maybe they meet. But like, it's sort of just a way to do a cross cultural story through like, an idea of a quantum, like, right mind that can see each other. That's cool. Some, you know, silly. I don't, I don't know the science. Yeah, no. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:22  
no whispering, no whispering,

Adam Mutchler  1:07:29  
almost no sci fi premises sort of been done before. Is there any sci fi present that is truly original? Almost never. It was like slightly original.

Speaker 3  1:07:38  
Yeah, I guess everybody's building on everybody else. It's that feedback loop between science and science fiction. Like, it's, you know, the Sci Fi of one age inspires the science of the next age inspires the Sci Fi of the following age. Because we're all trying to extrapolate upon things.

Adam Mutchler  1:07:54  
Well, then you learn backwards. Like, I've been doing a lot of Asian sci fi. So I've been doing, like, one of the ideas I have, I've been playing with this thing called the stone flyer. So it basically takes this idea of the pyramids and, like, how did you get the blocks there? So it's all done through telekinesis and frequency. But so, like, that's the ancient tech that that got replaced. But the real way to tell the story is, for me, I get excited about it's a class struggle story. So the people who are using the vibration and do it as like ritual chant that raises the blocks. And then, like, the the sort of upper class elite have, like the voice to like, convince people what to do. And then the priest class can almost like, conjure new realities in their presence, like, like, they can almost make you like, see things that aren't there, but it's the lower class is sort of taught during the course of this arc that, like, anyone can do all the things. It's not what class you're barred into. And them realizing that they actually can lift stones, and they don't have to do it as a group, group, it's amazing. But, like, what the fuck What do you mean? You're in charge. You can say stuff, I can lift stones. Yeah, fuck off. And so it's like that sort of societal arc of, like, who's in charge, and what are the sort of the prisons of culture that kind of get inscribed based on religion and culture and the rest. That's what you're playing with that sci fi premise.

Speaker 3  1:09:12  
It's almost like, it's almost like a version of, like, Middle Ages, like the transition from like samurai culture to what Japan's control system evolved into after firearms were introduced. Because, you know, if you've got one one peasant with a gun, you can take out even the most trained samurai. Similar things happened in European culture and a variety of other cultures were like, okay, you know, something changes, and suddenly, like,

Adam Mutchler  1:09:50  
society was like, Oh, I'm in charge, and I run the samurais. Well, then I'm in charge. You're like, others got guns. I don't know who's in

Speaker 1  1:09:57  
charge anymore. Yeah, it's almost like Native Americans. Horses, like all of those conquistadors from Spain,

Adam Mutchler  1:10:10  
against horses and like the horses, with the big difference, they bought horses. It was like no outside of horses until they showed up gunpowder.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:25  
Then steel. Such a good book, one of the greatest books, Jared Diamond, basically a geographic determinism.

Speaker 2  1:10:38  
All right, I'll go yes, I I think I just had poverty meets AI, aliens versus Zombies. Yeah, excellent, which actually is not my idea. It's from a group chat.

Speaker 1  1:10:56  
I wonder. How is that sci fi versus just complete fiction.

Speaker 2  1:11:00  
It's got aliens in excuse me, zombies are real. They are scary, and they can happen a

Adam Mutchler  1:11:10  
virus later, it's sci fi.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:13  
There's a book in this apartment about

Unknown Speaker  1:11:19  
that change might be my question.

Speaker 4  1:11:23  
But also, like zombies, what if our entire planet failed that pandemic, and now aliens are coming in. Like, what could an external force? Yeah, succeed at that we may have failed at as a species, and

Unknown Speaker  1:11:38  
they bring us back from the brink? Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:40  
Boom. Aliens versus Zombies,

Speaker 2  1:11:42  
I have, I have written a thing about zombies versus like, elites. It's called Cities versus Zombies, where the world, like is taken over by zombies, except for the major cities of the world, which are coordinated with each other, okay? And then they start turning zombies back into humans. And there's a whole thing about whatever opposite sides of the city of San Francisco, super wealthy, AI and poverty. I don't know. I don't know I was, I'm in the Silicon Valley mode. But entrepreneur, entrepreneur going from innocence to super powerful. What's that? Is it fiction? Yeah, exactly. Well, you know, and I guess kind of way more quick adjacent robotics and around the world fails, leaving the world broken. I think those are my

Speaker 4  1:12:38  
last because it's like, at what point does infrastructure becomes?

Speaker 2  1:12:42  
Oh, yeah, yeah, which? Which is actually it made me It's part slightly based off of, have you ever seen the the controversially titled A Day Without a Mexican movie? Yeah. It's basically like, imagine California. Imagine a California without Mexicans. Is basically the premise of the film, yeah, yeah, it would. It would basically destroy California. Like half of LA, 55% of LA is is Hispanic, right? And then most of our agriculture is and

Adam Mutchler  1:13:19  
a lot of our constructions, like a lot of our construction done. It's like, Yo, you just eliminate all of our labor.

Speaker 4  1:13:25  
I want to make sure that that's your wallet and not whoever was sitting. Okay, cool.

Speaker 3  1:13:31  
Anyway, awesome. It's like the stuff going on with, like the mythos, like warning video that anthropic just put out. Oh yeah, project, glassware, glasswave, yeah. Like, it's been fascinating seeing the news go to various groups and like the the crypto part of Twitter, because that's where I hang out too much. Like, all right, you know, what do you do to secure your wallets? And then, like, the infrastructure part of Twitter is like infrastructure, actually, and then, like, you know, all these other places, and then the the in cells are like hydro porn. So the idea of, okay, these, this infrastructure fails, yeah. How do you then deal with it.

Speaker 2  1:14:21  
Yeah, cool, yo. I don't know what to do with all these. It was a fun exercise. Yeah, I'll definitely take a snapshot. I think the fun thing

Adam Mutchler  1:14:32  
is, if we can come out with like a container, or like something that's a container like that, similar to, like the Horowitz thing, or just, like something that allows lots of stories to live. Yeah, could be function. Then it's like, if we all crack things in different ways, they all kind of, at least theoretically, have, like, a backbone that's attached, even if they're like, really different. Wipe my mind before

Unknown Speaker  1:14:59  
you take a look. First. Well, leave your Venmo, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:15:10  
I, I do. I do. Like the idea that, what if this group walked away with, like a love death and robots anthology in which and easy to prompt at this point, yeah? So, like, we have all these premises and

Adam Mutchler  1:15:24  
stuff as an inspiration. I want to show you what five Gen four.

Speaker 2  1:15:29  
So, yeah, like, what if, you know, at the end of, like, two or three months, we have, you know, are more cool. We have our own and, it, I mean, video is nice, but we can also be, just be like, Hey, if you want it to be in the form of a comic

Adam Mutchler  1:15:45  
book or what's like, whatever you know, whatever good writer, right? If you're gonna your comic book guy, but then we could collaborate. There is a story and people with different skill sets.

Adam Mutchler  1:16:01  
Well, that's what I feel like. We have a backbone to something that lots of little vignettes can attach to, that team up or do solo stuff that'll kind of well.

Speaker 2  1:16:09  
I mean, ideally the world, the world of it is San Francisco, ideally, right? I think, yeah, maybe different to that.

Daniel Jacobs  1:16:19  
But I don't care. This is great. I'll see you on WhatsApp or whatever we decided to do.

Speaker 4  1:16:29  
Yeah, yeah. Man, this is dangerous, like I'm so excited, I've probably worn my voice out, like some blissful silence tomorrow.

Adam Mutchler  1:16:43  
I just wanted to show you guys the power of a single still. This is just multi prompting a single still come these little worlds like you have a still and then just cut up and become these little scenes. Wow, doesn't really mean anything, but I just prompted for no talking, and just imagine what's happening from that one still. And it turned into this, this CD dance. No, this is just clean three. And I just kind of, I did some editing to, like, cut out stuff, and had to, like, flip and mirror a couple things for, like, combo and stuff,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:25  
and then cling, is putting the audio?

Adam Mutchler  1:17:27  
Yeah, it's all just cling, both shot. Yeah, I don't know what the world is, but that's, that's my world is great is, like, a single picture can, like, in 15 seconds. It's sort of gives. I didn't even you actually do a premise. This was me asking the AI to interpret I've been having recursive ways of writing through images. CDs does a better job. No, actually, CD dance, sort too, will actually give you like, whole crazy premises where, like, cling tends to just give you a scene that takes place in there, sort of like a vibe, but it doesn't really, like go anywhere, yeah, where if you ask Sora, and then if you give it a little bit of guidance, like we add that, can

Unknown Speaker  1:18:17  
I get some pens back, too?

Adam Mutchler  1:18:19  
Or if you add something, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:33  
or it inspires a good idea from you. It kind of,

Adam Mutchler  1:18:43  
and it was as a group, you can it's like, you're not explaining your way through. You're like, it's like that, which sometimes, you know how, like, when intellectually explaining an idea, sometimes it's hard to get people to get it. But if it's like, it's 90% what this is that I'll explain, but it's a little different.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:00  
Oh, who's who's driving? Where, where are you driving? Oh,

Adam Mutchler  1:19:10  
where are you going? I'm coming right back to the bridge, but I could drive towards you if you want to drop you someplace. No, I think you're on my way. You thank you

Speaker 2  1:19:27  
guys for hosting. Yeah, thank you so much. Thank you so much. I love this space is amazing, and because you have three printers, it makes it even more sci fi, putting

Unknown Speaker  1:19:42  
this together. Man, for sure, yay. The

Unknown Speaker  1:19:51  
goal is blast. Oh yeah, well, just make a tool. Make a seal.

Speaker 2  1:20:00  
I, yeah, I've been just, I just like, create. I'm just all in the CLI now. What is CLI command line? I'm just in the terminal.

Adam Mutchler  1:20:14  
Have you built editors in the term, like, does it have an XML if you wanted to

Unknown Speaker  1:20:20  
basically, easily do that, because you can just have cloud, right?

Adam Mutchler  1:20:25  
So, right, yeah, how do you have it analyzing videos,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:29  
and API that's launching tomorrow,

Adam Mutchler  1:20:34  
and so it can read the videos. It can read videos. And so then you can have it. You can you can also have

Unknown Speaker  1:20:40  
Gemini do it but, but I think it's cheaper.

Adam Mutchler  1:20:44  
I also wasn't sure what Gemini wasn't clear what it was reading. It was able to close. You can also do

Unknown Speaker  1:20:51  
it locally. I think with demo, you

Adam Mutchler  1:20:54  
can have it analyze videos, because ideally, the problem, the hardest thing with it is you almost want to have it take like one on other trailers. Understand what

Unknown Speaker  1:21:05  
you could also do that

Adam Mutchler  1:21:07  
anyone actually

Speaker 2  1:21:09  
tried to do that train, one for trailers, you have to just put the trailers in a file. That's what I'm saying. No, there's a 930 Oh. 930 Oh. What's

Speaker 2  1:21:30  
that? 930 Oh, couching, yes, yeah, yeah, all right, let's get you oh so you don't need to give it right? Wait, are you driving? We're Yeah, can I

Unknown Speaker  1:21:50  
bother me all the stuff? Thanks, guys. I I wanted to do one every three

Adam Mutchler  1:22:07  
weeks, because I'm leaving and then I'm back.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:11  
What was it? Name of it, mid journey is that

Unknown Speaker  1:22:21  
the thing that I know be recorded stopped recording.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
